for today's dessert we want to be aser
rice pudding a classic dessert
traditional and very easy to make
ingredients that we will use in your
processing are the following one liter
of whole milk
175 grams of round rice
a lemon peel
a cinnamon branch
130 grams of sugar
and cinnamon dying we have put a
recipient to the fire we invest in him the
liter of milk
the lemon peel
and the cinnamon branch
Hello
has already boiled the milk and
we add the rice
at 13 minutes of cooking
rice approximately we add the
sugar
we have it two or three more minutes
cooking and the rice with milk is already
finished
and in this case we present it in about
clay bowls
as a final touch sprinkle with
ground cinnamon
and we have ready to put in the
refrigerator these delicious bowls
rice pudding
and as always, thank you for
your attention and see you in the
next video